[docs] Custom decoding transforms (#5836)
huggingface/datasets: docs/source/process.mdx

{'type': 'custom', 'format_kwargs': {'transform': <function __main__.encode(batch)>}, 'columns': ['idx', 'label', 'sentence1', 'sentence2'], 'output_all_columns': False}
```

You can also use the [`~Dataset.set_transform`] function to decode audio formats not supported by the `soundfile` library. You'll need to create a custom decoding function to decode the audio files not supported by `soundfile`. For example, you can use the `read_ffmpeg` function from the `ffmpeg` library to read the audio files and decode them into an acceptable format. Then use [`~Dataset.set_transform`] to apply the custom decoding transform on the dataset:

```py

> audio_dataset_amr = Dataset.from_dict({"audio": ["audio_samples/audio.amr"]})
> 
> def decode_audio(batch):
>     batch["audio"] = [read_ffmpeg(audio_path) for audio_path in batch["audio"]]
>     return batch
> 
> audio_dataset_amr.set_transform(decode_amr)

Reviewer: This is a working example (it uses `pydub`, which calls `subprocess` + `ffmpeg` under the hood)
```suggestion
import numpy as np
from pydub import AudioSegment

audio_dataset_amr = Dataset.from_dict({"audio": [""audio_samples/audio.amr""]})

def decode_audio_with_pydub(batch, sampling_rate=16_000):
    def pydub_decode_file(audio_path):
      sound = AudioSegment.from_file(audio_path)
      if sound.frame_rate != sampling_rate:
        sound = sound.set_frame_rate(sampling_rate)
      channel_sounds = sound.split_to_mono()
      samples = [s.get_array_of_samples() for s in channel_sounds]

      fp_arr = np.array(samples).T.astype(np.float32)
      fp_arr /= np.iinfo(samples[0].typecode).max
      return fp_arr

    batch["audio"] = [pydub_decode_file(audio_path) for audio_path in batch["audio"]]
    return batch

audio_dataset_amr.set_transform(decode_audio_with_pydub)
```

{'type': 'custom', 'format_kwargs': {'transform': <function __main__.encode(batch)>}, 'columns': ['idx', 'label', 'sentence1', 'sentence2'], 'output_all_columns': False}
```

You can also use the [`~Dataset.set_transform`] function to decode formats not supported by [`Features`]. For example, the [`Audio`] feature uses [`soundfile`](https://python-soundfile.readthedocs.io/en/0.11.0/) - a fast and simple library to install - but it does not provide support for less common audio formats. Here is where you can use [`~Dataset.set_transform`] to apply a custom decoding transform on the fly. You're free to use any library you like to decode the audio files.

The example below uses the [`pydub`](http://pydub.com/) package to open an audio format not supported by `soundfile`:

```py
import numpy as np
from pydub import AudioSegment

> audio_dataset_amr = Dataset.from_dict({"audio": [""audio_samples/audio.amr""]})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
audio_dataset_amr = Dataset.from_dict({"audio": ["audio_samples/audio.amr"]})
```
